docs/README_PROCS.md, before:

# NX.Node - Processes

Processes allow for the modification of a worker bee.  They can also create mason bees.

When a bee is created, it will run the function defined by the **proc** environment
setting, which by default is empty.   When a value is passed by calling:
```
--proc Chores
```
or programmatically:
```JavaScript
var bee = env.Hive.MakeWorkerBee("Chores");
```
where you replace "Chores" with your own value or set of values, the bee will do a:
```JavaScript
env.Use("Proc.Chores");
```
which can customize a bee by loading routes and other code.

You can assure that a number of bees that run a given **proc** are running by calling:
```JavaScript
env.Hive.AssureWorkerBee("Chores", min, max);

## Default process

The default **proc**, which is an empty string, can also be customized.  At start, it will
call:
```JavaScript
env.Use("Proc.Default");

## Naming Processes, functions and routes for procs

You need to name the projects that hold processes, functions and route in the format of:
```
XX.proc
```
for example, The route for the Chores proc routes is called **Route.Chores**.  This
is because the proc used is **chores**.

Note that capitalization is ignored.

Also route trees should be defined as:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed), "get", ":id" };
```
Note the use of **RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed)** instead of **RouteClass.GET**.  You can use 
**RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed | Types.Secured)** to also secure the route.

See [NginX](README_NGINX.md), section **Procs** to understand why this is required.

## Process routes

While you will later learn how to use **NginX** or **Traefik** to route  HTTP calls to
customized worker bees, you can also change the route trees themselves to work with
the load balancers.

You can make routes use the **proc** environment setting by modifying the first parameter,
which is the HTTP method in the route tree, for example:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(), "echo", "?opt?" };
```
is a non-proc based route as:
```
GET /echo/...
```
but:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed), "echo", "?opt?" };
```
changes the call to
```
GET /chores/echo/...
```
You can also use the same mechanism for secured routes:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed | Types.Secured), "{id}", ":name"};
```
which changes the call to:
```
POST /chore/securecode/idofbee/nameoffn
```
In the above examples, **chore** is replaced by the value of **proc**.


[Home](../README.md)

Commit message:

Documented loading of thirs party DLLs

docs/README_PROCS.md, after:

# NX.Node - Processes

Processes allow for the modification of a worker bee.  They can also create mason bees.

When a bee is created, it will run the function defined by the **proc** environment
setting, which by default is empty.   When a value is passed by calling:
```
--proc Chores
```
or programmatically:
```JavaScript
var bee = env.Hive.MakeWorkerBee("Chores");
```
where you replace "Chores" with your own value or set of values, the bee will do a:
```JavaScript
env.Use("Proc.Chores");
```
which can customize a bee by loading routes and other code.

You can assure that a number of bees that run a given **proc** are running by calling:
```JavaScript
env.Hive.AssureWorkerBee("Chores", min, max);

## Default process

The default **proc**, which is an empty string, can also be customized.  At start, it will
call:
```JavaScript
env.Use("Proc.Default");

## Naming Processes, functions and routes for procs

You need to name the projects that hold processes, functions and route in the format of:
```
XX.proc
```
for example, The route for the Chores proc routes is called **Route.Chores**.  This
is because the proc used is **chores**.

Note that capitalization is ignored.

Also route trees should be defined as:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed), "get", ":id" };
```
Note the use of **RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed)** instead of **RouteClass.GET**.  You can use 
**RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed | Types.Secured)** to also secure the route.

See [NginX](README_NGINX.md), section **Procs** to understand why this is required.

## Process routes

While you will later learn how to use **NginX** or **Traefik** to route  HTTP calls to
customized worker bees, you can also change the route trees themselves to work with
the load balancers.

You can make routes use the **proc** environment setting by modifying the first parameter,
which is the HTTP method in the route tree, for example:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(), "echo", "?opt?" };
```
is a non-proc based route as:
```
GET /echo/...
```
but:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed), "echo", "?opt?" };
```
changes the call to
```
GET /chores/echo/...
```
You can also use the same mechanism for secured routes:
```JavaScript
public override List<string> RouteTree => new List<string>() { RouteClass.GET(Types.Routed | Types.Secured), "{id}", ":name"};
```
which changes the call to:
```
POST /chore/securecode/idofbee/nameoffn
```
In the above examples, **chore** is replaced by the value of **proc**.

## Third party DLLs

If you have issues when using third party DLLs and getting an error message that the DLL cannot be found, first make sure that
the DLL is in the ***bin*** directory of ***NX.Node***.  If the DLL is found there, you should include it as a use entry:

```
env.Use("BouncyCastle.Crypto");
```

The issue is that .NET may not be able to load the DLL unless it uses the appropriate context, which enc.Use provides.

[Home](../README.md)
